Eww.
Why is there a car door
in our kitchen?
Lemme guess:
Parker's hanging out
with reggie today.
Good guess, mom.
Afternoon,
mr. And mrs. Roon-dog.
Parker, reggie,
answers, go.
Well, reggie realized
we only have six years
till we can drive
So we decided to start
building our car now.
( chuckles )
reggie days are
always interesting.
I guarantee you
this is not about the car.
Hey, reggie, I need
a second with my folks.
Sure thing, dr. P.
I'll keep the engine running.
Mom, dad, when reggie and I
were digging this door
out of the ditch,
A family of raccoons
kept hissing at us and it
reminded me of something.
That you shouldn't play
in raccoon-infested ditches?
No, looking at their
cute little faces
Reminded me of how badly
I want a dog.
Look, can I please please
get a dog?
Son, I'm going to tell you
the same thing I told maddie
When she wanted a dog
and joey when he wanted
an ostrich.
No dogs or flightless birds
until you prove
- You can take care of one.
- And stop leaving your
underwear on the floor.
It's not relevant,
but it needs to be said.
But I can't prove
I can take care of a dog
Unless I have a dog.
Oh.  Have I created
an impossible scenario
That has kept this house
pet-free for 16 years?
I guess I have.
Proving you can take care
of a dog before you have one
Is your challenge, buddy.
Challenge accepted!
Hey, reggie.
- What up?
- We gotta go upstairs.
Sure thing, dr. P.
Oh, and hit
the car alarm.
( loud whisper )
I don't like the looks
of these two.
( mimics alarm chirp )
( theme music playing )
♪ better in stereo
♪ b-- b-- better in stereo
-    ♪ I'm up with the sunshine
-    ♪ let's go
-    ♪ I lace up my high tops
-  ♪ oh no
♪ slam dunk,
ready or not ♪
♪ yeah, show me
what you got ♪
-    ♪ I'm under the spotlight
-  ♪ holler
♪ I dare you,
come on and follow ♪
♪ you dance
to your own beat ♪
♪ I'll sing the melody
♪ when you say yea-ah-ah
♪ I say no-oh-oh
♪ when you say stop
♪ all I want to do
is go go go ♪
♪ you you,
the other half of me me ♪
♪ the half I'll never be-e
♪ the half
that drives me crazy ♪
♪ you you,
the better half of me me ♪
♪ the half I'll always need
♪ but we both know
♪ we're better in stereo.
- Hey, mom.
- Oh, hey, liv.
I'm glad you're here.
So now that I'm vice principal
- I want to change up my look.
- Okay.
- What do you think?
- Hmm, okay,
Well, I think that
if you are trying to say,
"I am old and I do not care
about your generation,"
Then you have succeeded.
- What?!
- Yeah.
No.  What did I do wrong?
Oh well, you know,
it's just mostly the color
And sort of the silhouette
and-- ( gasps )
- Are those shoulder pads?
- No.
They're parker's socks.
Ew, okay.
Look, I-- I just want
to look cool.
- What do I do?
- Um, just do what
everyone else does--
Go online and find
someone who inspires you
and then copy them.
Is wearing a pantsuit
and shoulder socks,
then find someone else.
You got this,
come on!
- ( all cheer )
- that was beautiful!
- What?
- Are you guys psyched
for your first practice?
- Out of my skin, man.
- Yeah.
What do you mean,
"your first practice"?
Aren't you coming?
No.  I mean,
my leg is healing,
But I've still
got this thing.
( laughs, hisses )
I'm cool.
Besides, I mean
there's plenty of other
things for me to do, so.
Mads, are you really gonna
pretend it's not tough for you
Being all injured,
watching us play the game
that you love,
While diggie,
the guy you like-like,
Is thousands of miles away
in tundrabania?
I mean...
Jeez, willow,
tread lightly.
She's just a hollow shell
of her former self, man.
I'm gonna make a basket
in your honor.
Okay.
In honor of maddie.
Making it for maddie.
Don't take it personally.
I just stink.
Guys, it's okay.
I'm totally fine.
I mean the universe is
just obviously telling me
To explore the things that
I love that are not basketball.
- That's the maddie we know.
- Yeah.
- What are those things?
- Well, you know.
There's all the stuff
that I li-- that I-- um...
Uh, I do the thing that
you all have seen me do.
Oh, on sundays
I always meet with...
Wow.
Hollow shell.
I called it, man.
Okay, space werewolves,
everybody howl.
( howls )
( giggles )
okay, thank you guys so much.
See you in geometry.
Hey, look at you, mads,
Walking around
without your crutches.
You go, girl.
Yeah, I'm still sidelined
from basketball, though,
So I'm just having a little
trouble figuring out what else
it is that I like to do.
What?!
No, you have like
a million hobbies.
You know, there's all
the things that you--
And you know,
there's all the--
when you have-- you used to--
Oh, you know what?
On sundays, you like t...
Wow.
Yeah, wow.
Hey, you know what?
Actually if you are
looking for a hobby,
I have been looking
for the perfect jean jacket
And that could keep us
busy for at least
a couple months.
I'm not that desperate.
- I'll let you know
when I figure it out.
- M'kay, maddie.
That's the spirit.
You're a work
in progress, okay?
( laughs )
( both gasp )
- ( giggles )
- oh.
- What are you doing?
- What you told me to do.
I found someone who inspires me
and tried to dress like her.
- And you picked me?!
- Well, who else?
I browsed your search history
to copy your style,
But I had no idea that I would
land on the exact same outfit
on the exact same day.
- Huh!
- But b.T.Dubs,
♪ I am a-rockin' these
purple panty hose. ♪
Anybody?
Could you help me--
Okay, mom, mom.
No one has said
the word "panty hose"
in at least 50 years, okay?
Second,
b.B.T.T.Dub-dubs,
I forbid you
to dress like me.
Forbid?
Did you just say...
"forbid"?
Okay, so I did,
but I really didn't mean to.
I'm just-- I'm really
upset right now, mom.
No no no no.
You don't forbid me
from doing anything.
I might dress
like you tomorrow just
to teach you a lesson.
( gasps )
you wouldn't dare.
Did you just say "dare"?
Oh, it is on.
From now on,
I'm your twin.
( scoffs )
okay.
- Good luck guessing
tomorrow's outfit.
- Oh no no.
Mama don't need luck.
Mama's got intuition.
Whatcha thinking?
Slacks or a blouse
or a little tie?
I-- snip--
Love-- snip--
Trimming-- snip--
Bonsai.  Snip.
Yeah, perfect.
Bonsai!
( cracks )
Bye-bye, bonsai.
- Hey.
I heard you were totally
depressed about basketball
And searching for something
to do with your miserable
miserable life.
Okay, people need
to stop saying that,
Because I am
in no way depressed.
I am simply excited
and looking for a new hobby.
Nice tree.
How many of these
have you killed?
Six.
Lucky for you
I'm a man who's gone through
a lot of hobbies.
Maybe one of my old hobbies
Can be your new hobby.
For example,
The accordion.
( playing tune )
Okay okay okay okay!
Stop.
Fair enough.
The squeezebox is not
for everyone.
Might I suggest
the adrenaline rush
that is...
Taxidermy?
It is an adorable rabbit,
blended with a pheasant
And cool antlers.
I call it
a horned pheas-bit.
Yeah, I call it
proof that you are
deeply disturbed.
What about pottery?
I've made some excellent
pieces in my youth.
Actually yeah.
I remember being
pretty good at that
when I was in grade school.
- ( blows )
- you were good.
I was great.
When I was six,
I had the hands of a god!
It's good to know
you peaked at six, joe.
( dog barking )
Did I hear a dog?
I said no dog.
Technically you said no dog
until I could prove I could
take care of a dog--
An unbeatable logic puzzle
that I have destroyed!
Say hello to my newest
invention clunker.
( whirring, barking )
Oh, chase your tail, boy.
Chase your tail.
He's a realistic
robot dog
Who can be walked, fed
And used to change
parental minds.
-  ( barks )
- he even fetches.
Come on, boy.
Go go go go.
Go, go get it, boy.
And he'll prove
I'm responsible enough
To have a dog.
You see, if clunker doesn't get
Regularly played with,
he's programmed to explode.
Impressive,
but this proves nothing.
There's more to taking care
of a dog than playing.
There's feeding,
grooming, bathing.
I can't do
any of those things.
He's a robot.
Just out of curiosity
How long can you
leave clunker alone
Before he explodes?
( explosion )
About that long.
I pet the dog
and he blew up.
( accordion playing )
Why did I desert you,
old friend?
Because we all
begged you to stop.
Check it out!
Apparently these hands aren't
just great for sinking shots.
They're also great
for making pots.
Well, I guess rapping
is another hobby you
won't be doing.
( both laughs )
Yeah, I just--
I really wanted you
'cause after all, I never
would have rediscovered it
without you.
You are so welcome.
I find joy
by encouraging young people
to be their very best self.
- What do you think?
- Oh, me?
- Yeah.
- I don't like to judge,
But here, let's see.
The handle's
out of proportion, the bowl
isn't shaped quite right--
Too much slip.
How do I say this nicely?
It's-- ahem--
It's-- it's awful.
"awful"?
Okay, no.
Mad dog rooney is not
awful at anything.
I'm gonna show him that
I can become the greatest
potter of all time.
Bam!  Pot!
Yeah, I really need to come up
with a new pottery catchphrase.
Uh, what's going on, buddy?
You've been bested
again, father.
I rebuilt clunker
and removed all his circuitry
So I could give him a bath.
Boom!
Squeaky clean canine!
( gasps )
Underbelly's clean, dr. P.
Now can I get a dog?
Well, you see, you haven't faced
the one truly nasty job
Every real dog owner dreads.
Scooping up poop.
He's a robot.
There's no poop to scoop.
No poop, no pooch.
I won!
I can't believe it.
The dad never wins.
I need a dog who poops?
Then say goodbye to clunker
And say hello to dumper.
Hello, liv.
Well enough to know
there is no possible way
That you could know what's
underneath this blanket.
- Nicely done, but you've
underestimated your mother.
-    ( gasps )
- Boom!
- But how?
Mother's instinct.
I made your brains
in this womb.
- Hmph!
-  ( accordion playing )
Seriously, dad,
I think a dog will make
this family a little
more normal.
I stayed up literally
all night
Making every single thing
that we are going to eat
off of this morning
- And I call it maddieware.
- ( chuckling )
So how does everybody
want their eggs?
A crab and asparagus omelet
with apricot marmalade.
Scrambled.
- Uh, coffee?
- Thank you.
- The mugs are
in the cabinet.
- Okay.
Wow, maddie, that is
a lot of pottery.
And it's got
some heft to it.
( maddie hisses )
yeah, I know.
I'm getting good, huh?
Basketball is out
and pottery is in.
So don't hate it,
plate it.
- ( laughs )
- good for you, mad dog.
- To maddieware.
Yeah-- oh.
- ( clinks )
- oh!  Uh, maddie,
we've got a leaker.
- Uh-- uh...
- Um, okay.
You know what?
Don't even worry about it
- Because there's plenty more
where that came from.
- Oh.
Hey.
Check out my new hobby:
Smashing things.
( chuckles )
I'm actually
pretty good at it.
You're having a tough time,
aren't you?
No...
Yeah.
( laughs )
Yeah, it's actually
pretty awful, dad.
( sighs )
I mean, I--
I have no idea
what to do.
I love basketball
and now I can't play it.
I mean what happens
if I just never recover
from this injury?
It's a long hard road,
But you're a fighter
and you're gonna
get back on top.
- You think so?
- I know so.
And until then, remember:
Just because you can't
do something you love,
Doesn't mean you have
to stop loving it.
Consider yourself lucky
that you found something
you love so much.
Thanks, dad.
In the meantime
I, for one, am glad
You stink at pottery.
This is fun!
- Oh--
- in there!
Yeah, dad, that was mom's
favorite garden gnome.
Ooo-kay.
Can you go back to pottery
to make one last thing?
Yeah, you know it!
Bam!  Pot!
Okay, I know
it's not good, okay?
I'm working on it.
( western showdown theme
playing )
You weren't
at breakfast.
I left early so that we could
do this on my turf.
How is this your turf?
I'm vice principal.
Okay, fine.
I had spin class.
Are we gonna
do this or not?
Behold!
Thanks.
Ahem!
Check and mate,
mother.
This is my custom-made
$10,000 one-of-a-kind
tristan lycanth costume
And there is no way
that you could have
copied all of this.
( chuckles )
You're right.
There is no way
I could.
But if the home-ec class
decided to stay up all night
Because the vice principal
promised them extra credit,
they could!
Okay.
Have you lost
your mind?
Am I crazy
or am I a genius?
You look pretty crazy
to me, man.
Off the rails,
mrs. Rooney.
- Oh.
- ( nervous laughter )
- Mom, what are we doing?
I can't remember
anymore.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have
forbidden you.
I should have just
helped you when you said
you wanted to look cool.
- Oh.
- So let me help you now.
- You would help me?
- Of course!
I mean, mom,
when I put on this suit,
I am under an oath to protect
the lost and downtrodden.
Thank you, sweetie.
Okay, I am going
to go change.
Mom, just really quickly
before you do.
( gasps )
The galactic orb
from "space werewolves"?
- Come on, you know
you want to.
- Oh!
Mess with the wolf,
you get the howl.
( howling )
Really?!
You two have to do this
On the day that I premiere
my kitten-in-a-burrito shirt?
When does it get to be
about joey, huh?
Huh?
Willow:
Come on, lady porcupines!
Nice nice!
-    Put it up!
- Pete: That's what
I'm talking about.
- Good job.
- Nicely done.
( whistle blares )
Where have I seen
that shirt before?
Joey gave it to me!
Look alive,
lady porcupines!
- ( gasps ) maddie!
- Hey.
Okay!
Uh, willow,
What are you doing?
I literally just saw you
in history class.
I'm just so happy
to see you here.
Put her down, willow.
That's it.
Put her down.
- ( exhales )
- something's different
about you.
You found
yourself, man.
Yeah well,
a smart man told me
That even though you can't
do something you love anymore
It doesn't mean
you can't still love it.
She's talking about me.
I'm the smart man.
I was wondering if
it would be okay if I just
hung around a little bit?
Just even until I can
start playing again?
- You're still captain.
- Oh yes, maddie's back!
Yay.
( blows whistle )
All right, losers!
Break time's over.
30 wind sprints.
We stop when someone pukes.
Bam!  What?
You don't mess
with a classic.
Okay, dumper's
now fully loaded
with chocolate pudding.
When my dad comes out,
dumper will do his thing,
I'll clean it up and he'll have
to let me get a real dog.
And if he doesn't listen,
we'll drag him back
to the ditch
Cover him in peanut butter
and feed him to the raccoons.
It's nice having a friend
who can out-weird me.
All right, boys,
show me what you got.
Okay, dumper,
do your thing.
- Here comes the money!
- ( whirs )
( whirring dies )
( huffs )
it's not working.
Challenge failed.
Buddy, don't be
so hard on yourself.
The way you've taken care
of this robot--
it's impressive.
- You proved you're ready
for a dog.
- Oh yes!
No dog.
Ahh!  I have been having
the best time with mom,
- Helping her pick out
a new look.
- Uh-huh.
Her clothes now say
"I'm the vice principal,
but I'm still hip."
Uh-huh.
And I also got her
a box of red ants
That can crawl up her leg
whenever they want.
Oh, liv, that's perfect.
- Are you listening
to anything I am saying?
- No, I am not.
I'm gonna go talk
to the new girl.
( exhales )
Hey, girl!
Hmm?
( shrieks )
gouge my eyes out!
Gouge them out now!